refactor: rename `Scripts & Functions` to `Python Scripts` (#755)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/v0.5/en/contributor-guide/datanode/python-scripts.md

# Python Scripts

## Introduction

> Python scripts are methods for analyzing data in local databases
> and sending it to a remote node instead of sending all the data to the remote node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python scripts are methods for analyzing data in GreptimeDB, by running it in the database directly instead of fetching all the data from the database and running it locally.
```
